　　　　　　Anger isn‘t your friend。 In fact， learning to control it could add years to your life.Besides， nobody really likes that guy who screams at the waiter because the soup is too salty， now do they？　　愤怒可不是我们的良师益友。事实上，学会控制愤怒的情绪有助于延年益寿。还有，没有人会喜欢对着服务生吼叫抱怨汤太咸的人，对吧？　　　　　　Doing nice things for people makes us feel better。 In fact， studies show that those who volunteer reap health benefits that may help them live longer。　　对陌生人友好也会让自己感觉更好。更有研究显示乐于奉献的人身心会更健康，寿命会更长。　　　　　　You have what you have and that‘s what you have。 The acquisition of things rarely raises our happiness quotient， but the quest for them certainly lowers it。　　拥抱你目前拥有的一切。我们所得到的很少能够提高幸福指数，而我们所渴求的必然会降低它。　　　　　　The more time you spend outside， the happier you will be。　　你在户外花的时间越多，就会越快乐。　　　　　　After all， you only get one and spare parts are hard to find。 An estimated 32 percent of fatal car crashes involve an intoxicated driver or pedestrian。　　毕竟，身体只有一个，要找“备胎”可就难了。据估计，32%的致命车祸就是由醉酒的司机或是行人造成。　　　　　　Share。 Not in a Facebook sharing way， but really share。　　去分享吧。不是指社交网站上的“分享”，是真正的“分享”。　　　　Some people think it‘s that your friends keep you from doing things that are bad for you。 Frankly， we think it’s just that they make your life more fun and worthwhile。　　有人认为，好朋友能够阻止你做一些对你有害的事情。其实呢，他们只是给你的生活带来了更多的乐趣和价值。　　　　　　Sure， you probably hear just fine。 But do you really listen？ Do you read body language， facial expressions， what the eyes are telling you and not just the mouth？　　是啊，你也许会说我这不是听得好好的嘛。可你真的有认真在听吗？你有在解读对方的肢体语言、面部表情以及其他眼睛看到的，而不仅是耳朵听到的吗？　　　　　　Everyone has been hurt by the actions or words of another。 The difference is in how we react to that hurt。 Forgive， even if you can‘t forget and you’ll be better off for it。　　每个人都会被他人的行为或是言语伤害到。不同之处在于我们如何应对他们。原谅他们吧，即使你无法忘怀，原谅了总会好受一些。　　　　　　Playground bullies don‘t go away after 5th grade。 They grow up and become bosses， neighbors and somebody’s in-laws。 Everyone deserves to live a bully-free life。 Remember that if you aren‘t part of the solution， you are part of the problem。　　小学五年级操场上的霸凌者不会凭空消失。他们会长大，变成老板、邻居、娘家人、婆家人。每个人都值得活在没有　　　　　　Negativity sucks the air out of a room。 Life is less about what you make it and more about how you see it。 See it positively or you will not only be miserable， but you’ll make everyone around you miserable to。　　负能量如同要把房间里的空气抽干。人生更多时候并不是你把它创造成什么样，而是它在你心中是什么样。积极地看待人生，不然不光是你自己，身边的人也会感到无比痛苦。　　来源：沪江英语　　责任编辑：陈熙