　　　　　　The problem is watching television doesn’t use your mental capacity or allow it to recharge。 Don’t you feel drained after a couple hours of TV？ Your eyes are sore and tired from being focused on the light box for so long。 When you feel like relaxing， try reading a book instead。 If you’re too tired， listen to some music。 When you’re with your friends or family， leave the tube off and have a conversation。 All of these things use your mind more than television and allow you to relax。　　看电视的时候，你就很少用脑，也不会学到太多。在看了几个小时的电视后，你是不是觉得口干舌燥？在长时间盯着电视机后，眼睛会不会觉得酸痛疲劳？当你 想要放松的时候，就选择看书吧。如果感到劳累，那就听音乐。和家人朋友在一起的时候，就多和他们聊聊天，别再去看电视了。无论是看书、听音乐、还是聊天都 比看电视要好，还能让你得到放松。　　　　　　Time spent exercising always leads to greater learning because it improves productivity during the time afterwards。 Using your body clears your head and creates a wave of energy。 Afterwards， you feel invigorated and can concentrate more easily。　　锻炼可以促进你的学习，因为锻炼可以提高工作效率。用你的身体来使你的头脑更加清醒，为你创造更多活力。在运动后，你会觉得精力充沛，而且更容易集中精神。　　　　　　If you want to improve your thinking and writing ability you should read books that make you focus。 Reading a classic novel can change your view of the world and will make you think in more precise， elegant English。 Don’t be afraid to look up a word if you don’t know it， and don’t be afraid of dense passages。 Take your time， re-read when necessary， and you’ll soon grow accustomed to the author’s style。　　如果你想提高思维和写作能力，那就要阅读那些能让你集中注意力的书籍。经典名著不仅可以改变你的世界观，还能让你感受精准优美的语言魅力。不要担心在阅读中会遇到生词，也不要担心那些诘曲聱牙的篇章。慢慢来，多读几遍，不久你就会适应作者的写作风格了。　　　　　　You’ll be most rejuvenated if you go to bed early and don’t sleep more than 8 hours。 If you stay up late and compensate by sleeping late， you’ll wake up lethargic and have trouble focusing。 The early morning hours are the most tranquil and productive。 Waking up early gives you more productive hours and maximizes your mental acuity all day。　　早睡，并且睡眠时间不要超过8小时，这样你就能最大限度地恢复精力。如果晚睡晚起，你醒来的时候就会觉得毫无生气，而且注意力很难集中。早上是最安静、最有效率的时候。早起一点，你将会得到高效工作的几个小时，还能使你一整天的精神状态都更加敏锐。　　　　　　Spending some time alone in reflection gives you a chance organize your thoughts and prioritize your responsibilities。 Afterwards， you’ll have a better understanding of what’s important and what isn’t。 The unimportant stuff won’t bother you anymore and your mind will feel less encumbered。　　花点时间用来自省，可以使你理清头绪，对于你要承担的责任分出一个轻重缓急来。通过反思，你会知道什么是重要的，什么是不重要的。那些不重要的事将不会再困扰你，你也就不用再为此费神了。　　　　None of these techniques which have been proposed are revolutionary。 But simple， unexciting answers are often the most valid。 The challenge is having the will to adhere to them。 If you succeed in following these 5 tips， you’ll be rewarded with increased mental acuity and retention of knowledge。　　　以上所说的建议没有哪一条是具有革命性的大改变，这些都是简单平常的答案而已。不过正是这些建议才是最有效的，关键在于你能不能坚持去做。如果你按照上面的五个建议去做，你不仅会变得更聪明，而且可以获得更多的知识。　　本文选自，点击。　　责任编辑：陈熙