　　还记得那位80后新西兰总理，杰辛达.阿德恩吗？这个新西兰160年以来最年轻的美女总理，今天又带来一个惊喜：她怀孕了！　　New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern has announced she is three months pregnant, and that she and her partner Clarke Gayford are expecting their first child by the middle of the year.　　新西兰总理杰辛达.阿德恩宣布了自己已经怀孕三个月的消息，她和伴侣克拉克.盖福德将于今年年中生下他们的第一个孩子。　　“And we thought 2017 was a big year! Clarke and I are really excited that in June our team will expand from two to three, and that we’ll be joining the many parents out there who wear two hats,” she wrote on Facebook.　　阿德恩在脸书上写道，“我们认为2017年是个丰收年！我和克拉克真的好兴奋，到6月份我们就会成一个三口之家了。我们也将成为身兼两职的父母了。”　　“I think it’s fair to say that this will be a wee one that a village will raise, but we couldn’t be more excited,” she added.　　她补充说，“我知道，公平点讲对于一个正在慢慢长大的生命来说，现在他还非常小，不过我们真的太激动了。”　　Pakistan’s Benizar Bhutto was the first elected world leader to become pregnant while in office, giving birth to her second child in 1990.　　1990年，当时的巴基斯坦总理贝娜齐尔.布托在任期内怀了她的第二个孩子。　　Ardern became New Zealand’s prime minister on Oct. 26, 2017, making her the third woman to take the office in the country. She said she found out about her pregnancy on Oct. 13, days before it was announced she would take office.　　阿德恩于2017年10月26日上任，是新西兰第三位女总理。她说她在当选总理的前几天10月13日发现自己怀孕。　　Ardern’s deputy, Winston Peters, will be acting prime minister for the six weeks after Ardern has her child in June, New Zealand News website stuff.co.nz reports.　　新西兰新闻网站stuff.co.nz报道，在阿德恩6月生产之后休息6个星期期间，副总理温斯顿.彼得斯将代行总理职责。　　“At the end of my leave I will resume all Prime Ministerial duties,” Ardern explained.　　她解释说，“产假结束后，我会继续担任总理。”　　Gayford, Ardern’s partner, will be their child’s primary caregiver, Arden wrote. “Knowing that so many parents juggle the care of their new babies, we consider ourselves to be very lucky,” she added.　　她写道，伴侣盖福德将负担起照顾的孩子的责任。她补充说，“现在有许多父母都在为谁来照顾孩子苦恼，感觉我俩非常幸运。”　　Ardern said the pregnancy was a surprise because she and Gayford had been told they would need help to conceive.　　阿德恩说，怀孕真是一个惊喜，因为此前他们被告知可能怀不上孩子。　　“That’s made this news a fantastic surprise,” she said.　　她说，“这个消息真是一个大大的惊喜。”