　　In a robotics lab at the University of Las Vegas, I've come to meet Sophia, who looks pretty human, and is just learning to walk.　　     “I want people to perceive me as the  I am. However, I wouldn't want to trick people into thinking I'm a human. I just want to communicate with humans in the best possible ways, which includes looking like one.”　　Sophia, who's had advanced notice of my questions, has few practical uses right now. But her creators - an American firm employing Chinese scientists - believe she represents a big step on the road to artificial intelligence.　　“Our aspiration is to bring the machines to life, to create living intelligence systems and there you'll see the greatest revolution in artificial intelligence. We're aspiring towards this. Do we know for sure that it can be done? We think it can.”　　And among the thousands of new gadgets on show in Las Vegas this week, artificial intelligence is a constant theme.　　There's a seeing suitcase that can follow its owner around the airport. This friendly robot wanders around your home filming short bursts of video to send to your phone.　　And Vincent, developed in Cambridge, is a drawing programme that learns to turn simple sketches into works of art.　　And here is the most obvious example of : the race to transform cities with . This  from Uber’s rival, Lyft, still has someone who can take over the wheel. But within a couple of years, this company believes we’ll hop into a cab which will take us across town all on its own.　　我专门来到拉斯维加斯大学的一个机器人实验室里来看索菲亚，她的外形看起来和人类差不多，并且正在学习走路。　　　　“我希望人们把我看作是机器人。无论如何，我不想哄骗人们，让他们觉得我是人类。我只是想以我可以达到的最好的方式与人类沟通，包括在外形上尽量接近人类的样子。”　　索菲亚对访谈的问题事先做了准备，但目前她并没有什么实际的用途。不过它的创造者，一家雇佣中国科学家的美国公司，认为它象征着科技在人工智能道路上迈出的一大步。　　　　“我们渴望达到的目标是给机械装置注入生命力，从而建立近人类的智能体系，在那里人们将看到人工智能领域最伟大的技术革新。我们有志于向实现这一目标努力。我们确信可以实现它吗？应该可以吧。”　　本周，在拉斯维加斯参展的上千个新科技装置中，人工智能是始终贯穿不变的主题。　　比如：一种“可视的行李箱”，它可以在机场追随自己主人的脚步；这个友好的机器人可以在你家里游荡，拍摄短视频，并把拍到的视频片断发送到你的手机里。　　文森特，一个在剑桥被开发出来的绘图程序，可以将简单的草图转化成艺术作品。　　还有一个最能体现人工智能科技的典范，那就是将城市车辆都变成无人驾驶汽车的技术竞赛。这辆自动驾驶的出租车来自优步的竞争对手，来福车（Lyft），不过在需要时，仍有司机可接过方向盘来驾驶。但来福车公司相信，用不了几年，我们将会跳上一辆无人驾驶的出租车，由它载着我们在城市中穿梭。　　　　机器人　　人工智能 （AI）　　无人驾驶汽车　　自动驾驶的出租车　　　　Sophia is the first robot in the world to become a citizen of a country. Saudi Arabia has given her citizenship!　　索菲亚是世界上第一个获得国籍的机器人。沙特阿拉伯赋予了她公民身份。　　　　No. She says she wants people to perceive – think about – her as a robot.