　　腊八节是中国传统节日，被认为是春节的序幕。腊八节原本是人们祭祖的场合，为天地祈福，为家庭祝福。现在，人们在这一天都要喝暖暖的营养丰富的八宝粥。你喝了吗　　The Laba Festival falls on January 24, 2018. On that day, people will have Laba porridge made from different kinds of rice, beans, dried nuts, bean curd… There is no holiday for this traditional festival.　　今天1月24日，是传统的腊八节。这一天，人们会吃腊八粥，它由各种米、豆子、干果和豆腐等组成。这个传统节日得照常上班。　　Falling on the eighth day of the 12th lunar month, Laba Festival was originally an occasion for people to give sacrifices to their ancestors, and to pray to heaven and earth for a good harvest and good luck for the family. Many years later, it has become a Laba Congee eating event - a porridge that contains different types of rice, beans, dried nuts, bean curd, and meat.　　腊八节是农历的腊月初八，最初，人们过腊八是为了祭祀祖先，向天地祈祷好收成，为家人祝福。许多年后演变成了喝腊八粥——一种由各种米、豆子、干果和豆腐、肉等煮成的粥。　　The 12th lunar month is called ’La’ in Chinese and eight is pronounced ’ba’, which is how the name ’Laba’ was derived. It is not only regarded as a day of sacrifice, but also the day on which Sakyamuni (founder of Buddhism) realized truth and became a Buddha.　　农历的第十二个月被称作“腊”，“八”表示初八，“腊八”就是这样来的。它不仅是一个祭祀的日子，也是佛教的创始者释迦牟尼悟道成佛之日。　　Legend of Laba Festival　　腊八节的传说　　It is said that Laba Congee originated from India. As the son of a king in the north of ancient India, Sakyamuni could not bear the local people’s suffering from illness and the theocracy ruled by Brahman (one of the four Indian classes). As a result, he abandoned his lofty position and went out to seek a way to enlighten himself according to religious doctrine. Then the first Buddha and founder of the religion, attained enlightenment on the eighth day of the twelfth month. Sutras were chanted in the temples and rice porridge with beans, nuts and dried fruit was prepared for the Buddha. The eight-treasure porridge was first introduced to China in the Song Dynasty about 1000 years ago. Buddhism was well accepted in the areas inhabited by the Han Chinese, With the passing of time the custom extended, especially in rural areas where peasants would pray for a plentiful harvest in this way.　　据称，腊八粥起源于印度。作为古代印度北部国王的儿子，释迦牟尼不能忍受当地人民的疾病和婆罗门（四个印度阶级之一）统治的神权政治。于是，他放弃了崇高的地位，出去寻求一种按照宗教教义开导自己的方法。最后，佛教的创始者也就是释迦牟尼，在腊月初八这一天悟道成佛。寺庙里吟颂佛经，准备含有豆类、坚果和干果的粥来纪念佛祖。腊八粥最早是在1000多年前的宋代被引入中国。佛教当时广泛被中国的汉族接受随着时间的推移，这个风俗慢慢的流传，特别是在农村地区，农民们以这样的方式祈求来年的丰收。　　There is, however, another touching story: When Sakyamuni was on his way into the high mountains in his quest for understanding and enlightenment, he grew tired and hungry. Exhausted from days of walking, he passed into unconsciousness by a river in India. A shepherdess found him there and fed him her lunch -- porridge made with beans and rice. Sakyamuni was thus able to continue his journey. After six years of strict discipline, he finally realized his dream of full enlightenment on the eighth day of the twelfth lunar month.　　不过，还有一个感人的故事是这样的：释迦牟尼在前往高山修道的途中，又累又饿。数日的旅途奔波使他精疲力竭，昏迷在印度一条河边，一个牧羊女发现了他并喂他吃饭——豆类和大米混合的粥。释迦牟尼因而才能继续他的旅程。后经六年苦行，终于在腊月初八这一天悟道成佛。　　Ever since, monks have prepared rice porridge on the eve and held a ceremony the following day, during which they chant sutras and offer porridge to Buddha. Thus, the tradition of eating Laba porridge was based in religion, though with the passing of time the food itself became a popular winter dish especially in cold northern China.　　自那时起，僧侣们便在腊八的前夜准备米粥，并在腊八当天举行颂经和敬奉佛祖仪式。因此，尽管随着时间的推移，腊八粥成了流行的冬季食物，尤其是在中国寒冷的北方，但这个传统却是来自佛教。　　Customs of Laba Festival　　腊八节的习俗　　Traditionally, the consumption of Laba Congee (Chinese腊八粥) was an important element of the festival. Actually eight ingredients are used, cooked with sugar to make the porridge tasty. In Northeast China, Northwest China and Jiangnan, this custom has been preserved, but it has become rarer in South China.　　传统上，腊八粥是腊八节重要的一部分。一般来说要用到八种原料，并加上糖使粥更美味。在中国东北，西北和江南，这个习俗被传承了下来，但在中国南方却已变得罕见。　　Northerners prefer to use glutinous rice, red beans, dates, lotus seeds, dried long’an pulp, walnuts, pine nuts and other dried fruits in their porridge; southerners like a salty porridge prepared with rice, soybeans, peanuts, broad beans, taro, water chestnuts, walnuts, vegetables and diced meat. In the north, it is a dessert with sugar added; in the south, salt is put in. Some people like to add cinnamon and other condiments to add flavor.　　北方人喜欢用糯米，红豆，红枣，莲子，干桂圆肉，核桃仁，松子和一些其它的干果煮粥；而南方人更喜欢用大米，大豆，花生，蚕豆，芋头，荸荠，核桃仁，蔬菜和肉丁煮咸粥。在北方，它是加了糖的甜点，在南方，人们喜欢加盐。还有些人喜欢放桂皮等其他调味品，以增加风味。　　Laba Porridge is now regarded as a very nutritious food in winter that has the function of strengthening the spleen, stimulating the appetite, and soothing the nerves. It is welcomed by all people of different ages.　　腊八粥现在被认为是一种富含营养的食物，它具有健脾、开胃、安神的功效，男女老少都喜欢吃。