　　Government funding may run out at midnight on Friday unless both chambers of Congress pass a spending bill and President Donald Trump signs it into law.　　除非国会两院通过支出法案，唐纳德·特朗普总统签署法律，否则政府拨款可能会在周五午夜用尽。　　There have been 18 government shutdowns since 1976 that have occurred under both Republican and Democratic presidents, according to the Congressional Research Service. There may soon be a 19th.　　据国会研究机构称，自1976年以来，共和党和民主党领导下的政府共经历了18次关门。可能很快就会有第19次。　　What is a government shutdown?　　什么是政府关门？　　A government shutdown is the closure of nonessential offices of the government because federal funding has expired and Congress has not approved a new spending bill.　　政府关门是因为联邦资金已经到期，国会没有批准新的支出法案，因此政府的非核心办公室关门。　　Why is a shutdown possible?　　为什么会有关门的可能？　　Republican leadership appears to still not have enough support to pass a short-term spending bill to keep the government open.　　共和党领导层似乎还没有足够的支持来通过短期支出法案来维持政府运营。　　Democrats have signalled they are unwilling to vote for the measure unless they receive assurances that an agreement on immigration can be reached.　　民主党人表示，除非他们保证能够达成移民协议，否则他们不愿投票支持这项措施。　　Additionally, more members of Congress have said they’re opposed because they are tired of passing short-term measures instead of focusing on a longer-term spending bill.　　此外，越来越多的国会议员表示反对，因为他们厌倦了通过短期措施，而不是关注长期支出法案。　　How may a shutdown affect people?　　政府关门会如何影响到民众？　　More than 800,000 federal workers would be furloughed during a shutdown. But employees deemed ‘essential’, such as those in law enforcement, would remain on the job.　　超过80万的联邦工人将在关门期间放假。但是，像执法部门那样被视为“必不可少”的员工将继续留在工作岗位上。　　National parks and the Smithsonian museums would also be closed to visitors. But during some past shutdowns, some states have paid to keep their national parks open.　　国家公园和史密森博物馆也将被关门。但是在过去的一些关门期间，一些州支付了开放国家公园的费用。　　People may also have a hard time getting a passport. The State Department’s passport services are funded partially by fees, meaning they are not completely dependent on Congress for money. So they may be able to continue issuing passports for a short time.　　人们也可能很难获得护照。国务院的护照服务部分由费用提供资金，这意味着他们并不完全依靠国会的钱。所以他们可以在短时间内继续发放护照。　　How may a shutdown affect the military?　　关门如何影响军队？　　Unless Congress intervenes, active military personnel and veterans would not be paid.　　除非国会干预，否则现役军人和退伍军人将不会获得报酬。　　Mr Trump tweeted that “our rapidly rebuilding Military” would be the “biggest loser” in a government shutdown.　　特朗普啾啾说，“我们迅速重建的军事力量”将成为政府关门的“最大输家”。　　But the military gets paid on the 1st and 15th of every month. This means the troops would not suffer from a lapse in pay unless the shutdown lasts until the beginning of February or longer.　　但是军队在每个月的1日和15日获得报酬。这意味着，除非关门持续到2月初或更长时间，否则部队不会遭受失业。　　How would a shutdown not affect people?　　关门如何不会影响到人民？　　Travel is unlikely to be affected. Airports are expected to remain open and air traffic controllers and Transportation Security Administration officials would stay on the job. Travelling by train would also remain possible. Even though Amtrak depends on federal subsidies, revenue from ticket sales could keep the company going through a shutdown.　　旅行不太可能受到影响。机场预计将继续开放，空中交通管制员和运输安全管理局的官员将继续工作。乘火车旅行也是可能的。即使美国国铁依靠联邦补贴，门票销售收入可能会帮助该公司顺利度过政府关门期。