　　“中国制造”总让人联想起低廉抄袭的坏印象，但是如果真的没有中国制造，世界将会变成什么样？　　Products tagged with “made in China” have become an inseparable part of the world as China is gradually taking the globe with its incredible manufacturing industry.　　随着中国的制造业一步步走向全球，世界已经离不开标有“中国制造”的产品了。　　Though Chinese products have already got rid of the image of low quality, there are still many foreigners, and even Chinese, who consider them a byword for cheap, low-end, and copycat commodities.　　尽管中国的商品已经摆脱了价格低廉的定位，但仍有许多外国人，甚至中国人也会觉得中国制造的商品就是价格低、档次低、一味抄袭、缺乏创意。　　However, a recent Japanese TV show which conducted a survey on Chinese products has astonished those who looked down upon Chinese manufacturing.　　但是最近日本一档电视秀对中国产品进行调查，而这个节目使那些一直看不起中国制造的人惊奇万分。　　At first, the respondents all expressed a demeaning attitude toward Chinese products, saying they’d never buy them. But obviously, the labels on their clothes which say “made in China” are indeed a slap in the face.　　首先，被采访者对中国制造的产品态度很明确，说他们从不会买。但是他们衣服上“中国制造”的标签让他们十分尴尬。　　The TV show later did a test: Clear all the China-made products from a Japanese household. Four hours later, 619 pieces of Chinese products were removed, and even the clothes of the house owner had to be taken off.　　节目稍后做了一个测试，将所有中国制造的产品从日本家庭清出。四个小时后，一共整理出619件中国产品，最后就连房主的衣服也不得不脱下来。　　As a matter of fact, Japanese not only need Chinese products when they are alive, but also after their death – over 90% of the coffins sold in Japan are made in China.　　事实上，日本不仅在活着的时候需要中国制造的产品，连死后也不能避免——日本90%的棺材都是中国制造的。　　The US writer Sara Bongiorn who published a book titled “Without MADE IN CHINA” a decade ago also conducted a similar experiment in a bid to measure the impact of globalization on ordinary Americans.　　美国作家萨拉·邦琼曾出版过一本书，名为《离开了中国制造》。她10年前也做过相似的实验，目的是总结出全球化对美国人带来的影响。　　She decided not to buy any products made in China for a year. At first, she was pretty positive about her decision, believing she could find substitutes from other countries. But she later proved herself wrong.　　她决定一年不买中国制造的产品，起初她还对自己的决定自信满满，认为能够找到其他国家的替代品，但后来她发现想错了。　　Rejecting cost-effective Chinese products, Bongiorn could only choose Italian-made sneakers for her children at the price of $68 per pair, and the Chinese counterparts were only $10.　　不能买中国制造的高性价比产品，邦琼只能给她的孩子买68美元一双意大利制造的运动鞋，而中国相同的产品只需要10美元。　　Once she tried to buy a candle for her husband’s birthday, but failed to find one that was not made in China at six grocery stores.　　她曾想为丈夫的生日买根蜡烛，但是走遍了六家杂货店也没有找到一根不是中国制造的。　　At last, Bongiorn concluded in her book that “made in China” products are inseparable to American society, since the inconveniences of living without them are a huge cost.　　邦琼最后在书中得出结论，美国社会离不开“中国制造”，因为没了中国制造，生活开销将大大提高。　　US President Donald Trump has won lots of support for his slogan “Make America Great Again” and for his “Buy American, Hire American” rhetoric during his campaign. However, the hats, clothes, and flags printed with the slogans that were used for the campaign were all made in China.　　美国总统唐纳德·特朗普在竞选时喊出“使美国再次强大起来”和“买美国货，雇美国人”的口号，从而得到大家的拥护。但是拉票时人们戴的帽子、穿的衣服和印有口号的旗子全部都是由中国制造的。　　Today, with the arising awareness of brands and improving demand for quality, “made in China” has gradually shaken off the label of cheap, copycat products, and is winning a reputation for competence.　　如今，人们对品牌和质量的需求越来越高，“中国制造”逐渐摆脱了低廉和抄袭的影子，越来越有竞争力。